tidb: update docs for new transaction features in 5.0 (#4174)
pingcap/docs: tidb-configuration-file.md

- The threshold of the TiKV load. If the TiKV load exceeds this threshold, more `batch` packets are collected to relieve the pressure of TiKV. It is valid only when the value of `tikv-client.max-batch-size` is greater than `0`. It is recommended not to modify this value.
- Default value: `200`

### `enable-one-pc` <!-- New in v5.0 -->

> - Specifies whether to use the first phase commit feature for transactions involving only one Region. Compared with the traditional two-phase commit, first phase commit can greatly reduce transaction commit latency and increase throughput.

Reviewer: It should be "one-phase commit", in contrast to the traditional "two-phase commit".

> - Specifies whether to use the first phase commit feature for transactions involving only one Region. Compared with the traditional two-phase commit, first phase commit can greatly reduce transaction commit latency and increase throughput.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Specifies whether to use the one-phase commit feature for transactions that involve only one Region. Compared with the two-phase commit, the one-phase commit feature can greatly reduce the commit latency and increase throughput.
```

- Default value: `false`

> **Warning:**
>

> > This is still an experimental feature. It is **NOT** recommended that you use it in the production environment. Currently, some known issues are as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> This is still an experimental feature. It is **NOT** recommended that you use it in a production environment. Currently, the following issues are found, and be aware of them if you need to use this feature:
```

>

> > - This feature is temporarily incompatible with [TiCDC](/ticdc/ticdc-overview.md), and the feature might cause TiCDC to run abnormally.

Reviewer 2: I doubt `temporarily` has any useful meaning.
```suggestion
> - This feature is incompatible with [TiCDC](/ticdc/ticdc-overview.md) and might cause TiCDC to run abnormally.
```

>

> > - This feature is temporarily incompatible with [Follower Read](/follower-read.md) and [TiFlash](/tiflash/tiflash-overview.md), and snapshot isolation cannot be guaranteed during the use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - This feature is incompatible with [Follower Read](/follower-read.md) and [TiFlash](/tiflash/tiflash-overview.md), and snapshot isolation cannot be guaranteed.
```

>
> - External consistency cannot be guaranteed.
>

> > - If the transaction commit is interrupted abnormally by the machine shutdown when the DDL operation is executed, the data format might be incorrect.

Reviewer: I prefer "crash" to "shutdown".

> > - If the transaction commit is interrupted abnormally by the machine shutdown when the DDL operation is executed, the data format might be incorrect.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - If the transaction commit is interrupted abnormally by the machine crash when the DDL operation is executed, the data format might be incorrect.
```

> > - If the transaction commit is interrupted abnormally due to the shutdown of the TiDB machine while executing DDL operation, the data format might be incorrect.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - If the transaction commit is interrupted abnormally by the machine shutdown when the DDL operation is executed, the data format might be incorrect.
```

## tikv-client.async-commit <!-- New in v5.0 -->

### `enable`

> - Specifies whether to enable the `Async Commit` feature so that the second phase of the two-phase transaction commit performs asynchronously in the background. Enable this feature can reduce the latency of transaction commit. This feature is not compatible with [TiDB Binlog](/tidb-binlog/tidb-binlog-overview.md) and does not take effect when Binlog is enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Enables or disables the async commit feature for the second phase of the two-phase transaction commit to perform asynchronously in the background. Enabling this feature can reduce the latency of transaction commit. This feature is not compatible with [TiDB Binlog](/tidb-binlog/tidb-binlog-overview.md) and does not take effect when Binlog is enabled.
```

- Default value: `false`

### `keys-limit`

> - Specifies the upper limit of the number of keys in an `Async Commit` transaction. The `Async Commit` feature is not suitable for transactions that are too large. Transactions that exceed this limit use the traditional two-phase commit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Specifies the upper limit of the number of keys in an async commit transaction. The async commit feature is **NOT** suitable for transactions that are too large. Transactions that exceed this limit will use the two-phase commit.
```

- Default value: `256`

### `total-key-size-limit`

> - Specifies the upper limit of the total size of keys in an `Async Commit` transaction. The `Async Commit` feature is not suitable for transactions that are too long. Transactions that exceed this limit use the traditional two-phase commit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Specifies the upper limit of the total size of keys in an async commit transaction. The async commit feature is **NOT** suitable for transactions in which the involved key ranges are too long. Transactions that exceed this limit will use the traditional two-phase commit.
```

> - Specifies the upper limit of the total size of keys in an async commit transaction. The async commit feature is **NOT** suitable for transactions in which the involved key ranges are too long. Transactions that exceed this limit will use the traditional two-phase commit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Specifies the upper limit of the total size of keys in an async commit transaction. The async commit feature is **NOT** suitable for transactions in which the involved key ranges are too long. Transactions that exceed this limit will use the two-phase commit.
```

- Default value: `4096`
- Unit: byte

> **Warning:**
>
> This is still an experimental feature. It is **NOT** recommended that you use it in the production environment. Currently, some known issues are as follows:
>
> - This feature is temporarily incompatible with [Follower Read](/follower-read.md) and [TiFlash](/tiflash/tiflash-overview.md), and snapshot isolation cannot be guaranteed during the use.
>
> - External consistency cannot be guaranteed.
>

> > - If the transaction commit is interrupted abnormally due to the shutdown of the TiDB machine while executing DDL operation, the data format might be incorrect.

Reviewer 2: See comments from L446 to L456.

Author: PTAL again, thx~

> > - If the transaction commit is interrupted abnormally by the machine shutdown when the DDL operation is executed, the data format might be incorrect.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - If the transaction commit is interrupted abnormally by the machine crash when the DDL operation is executed, the data format might be incorrect.
```
